My name is Rose Ann C.Valdez. I want to tell to you about my story life. "My parent were relationship and my mom think that my dad is single without married and kids when my mom got pregnant so she found out that my daddy have wife and children but my mom felt hurt and called "mistress" but he told her that "i will separate his wife and children so give me one chance please" then my mom decide that she tell him "lets breakup" and walk off so my daddy will visited my mom's place but my grandparent can't accept my daddy so kick out of their house. my mom's family support her pregnant's needs after 9 month then she giving birth on me.
After giving birth on me then my mom dont know that i become Deaf then my mom and my grandmother discuss about my needs but my mom decide that she move to singapore for my needs. later i was toddle that i like play my favorite toys then my uncle and auntie try throw any noise and very high volume that i cant hear any noise so they felt shock so they discuss about me then auntie take me to visit hospital for my hearing test then doctor check my heaing to found out result "Deaf" complete but my auntie and uncle felt so hurt and cry to inform my mom and relative but they felt so accept me and love me.
My grandmother take me to enroll school "kinder" that im only Deaf student and all hearing student and my kind teacher understand me because I am Deaf student also i dont have any friends with classmate. My auntie decide that take me to go to Deaf school in quezon city after my graduation kinder so i dont know how to sign then my elementery teacher give me sign book then i kept learning so lucky i can make new friends with Deaf school but i felt so better and happy
I am still studying elementery until college sometime i had got medal or not. 
I am looking for job after OJT for 400 hours then i still think that i feel lack my skill so i apply to factory worker when i got hired after interview but im not good sewing and low salary 
I got pregnant and got married then i am helping my husband to find job for his responsible support his son but his friend helped him that he got hired so he still support his son. we raised son almost 6 years and i dont have job almost 5years because i am responsible to take care of my son so i decide that its time to learn new skills 
Thank you for give me new chance and new journey so i felt so excited for my new skills. Thank you for opporunity 
